kafka: refactor kafka to use another library (#139)
falcosecurity/falcosidekick: README.md

  messageformat: "Alert : rule *{{ .Rule }}* triggered by user *{{ index .OutputFields \"user.name\" }}*" # a Go template to format Google Chat Text above Attachment, displayed in addition to the output from `GOOGLECHAT_OUTPUTFORMAT`, see [Slack Message Formatting](#slack-message-formatting) in the README for details. If empty, no Text is displayed before Attachment.

kafka:

>   url: "" # Apache Kafka URL (ex: localhost:9092). Defaults to port 9092 if no port is specified after the domain, if not empty, Kafka output is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  hostport: "" # Apache Kafka Host:Port (ex: localhost:9092). Defaults to port 9092 if no port is specified after the domain, if not empty, Kafka output is enabled
```

Reviewer: Github doesn't allow me to comment the line in Env Var section, but you get my point, I prefer `hostport` for keeping a global coherence.
